README.md, before:

<!--
N.B.: This README was automatically generated by https://github.com/YunoHost/apps/tree/master/tools/README-generator
It shall NOT be edited by hand.
-->

# Adminer for YunoHost

[![Integration level](https://dash.yunohost.org/integration/adminer.svg)](https://dash.yunohost.org/appci/app/adminer) ![Working status](https://ci-apps.yunohost.org/ci/badges/adminer.status.svg) ![Maintenance status](https://ci-apps.yunohost.org/ci/badges/adminer.maintain.svg)

[![Install Adminer with YunoHost](https://install-app.yunohost.org/install-with-yunohost.svg)](https://install-app.yunohost.org/?app=adminer)

*[Lire ce readme en français.](./README_fr.md)*

> *This package allows you to install Adminer quickly and simply on a YunoHost server.
If you don't have YunoHost, please consult [the guide](https://yunohost.org/#/install) to learn how to install it.*

## Overview

Adminer (formerly phpMinAdmin) is a full-featured database management tool written in PHP. Conversely to phpMyAdmin, it consist of a single file ready to deploy to the target server. Adminer is available for MySQL, MariaDB, PostgreSQL, SQLite, MS SQL, Oracle, Elasticsearch, MongoDB and others via plugin.

**Shipped version:** 4.8.1~ynh6

**Demo:** https://demo.adminer.org/adminer.php?username=

## Screenshots

![Screenshot of Adminer](./doc/screenshots/screenshot.png)

## Documentation and resources

* Official app website: <https://www.adminer.org/>
* Upstream app code repository: <https://github.com/vrana/adminer/>
* YunoHost Store: <https://apps.yunohost.org/app/adminer>
* Report a bug: <https://github.com/YunoHost-Apps/adminer_ynh/issues>

## Developer info

Please send your pull request to the [testing branch](https://github.com/YunoHost-Apps/adminer_ynh/tree/testing).

To try the testing branch, please proceed like that.

``` bash
sudo yunohost app install https://github.com/YunoHost-Apps/adminer_ynh/tree/testing --debug
or
sudo yunohost app upgrade adminer -u https://github.com/YunoHost-Apps/adminer_ynh/tree/testing --debug
```

**More info regarding app packaging:** <https://yunohost.org/packaging_apps>

Commit message:

Testing (#26)
* 4.8.1 (#15)

* 4.8.1

* Add template

* Auto-update README

* Only admin (#17)

* Fix

* Update install

* Fix

* fix

* Update install

* Fix

* Update upgrade

* fix

* Update upgrade

* Update upgrade

* Update upgrade

* Update upgrade

* cleaning up

* Update upgrade

* Update check_process

* 4.3

* Update upgrade

* Update upgrade

* cleaning up

* Bump manifest version

* Auto-update README

* Add config

* Auto-update README

* Update manifest.json

* Auto-update README

* Auto-update README

* Upgrade package (#21)

* set client_max_body_size

* Auto-update README

Co-authored-by: yunohost-bot <yunohost@yunohost.org>

* Version 2 (#23)

* v2

* Auto-update README

* v2

* Auto-update README

* Update tests.toml

* Update manifest.toml

* fix

* Update manifest.toml

* Auto-update README

* Update upgrade

---------

Co-authored-by: yunohost-bot <yunohost@yunohost.org>

* Update manifest.toml

* Auto-update README

* cleaning

* Auto-update READMEs

* cleaning

* Update manifest.toml

* Auto-update READMEs

* fix

---------

Co-authored-by: Yunohost-Bot <>
Co-authored-by: Alexandre Aubin <alex.aubin@mailoo.org>
Co-authored-by: yunohost-bot <yunohost@yunohost.org>

README.md, after:

<!--
N.B.: This README was automatically generated by <https://github.com/YunoHost/apps/tree/master/tools/readme_generator>
It shall NOT be edited by hand.
-->

# Adminer for YunoHost

[![Integration level](https://dash.yunohost.org/integration/adminer.svg)](https://dash.yunohost.org/appci/app/adminer) ![Working status](https://ci-apps.yunohost.org/ci/badges/adminer.status.svg) ![Maintenance status](https://ci-apps.yunohost.org/ci/badges/adminer.maintain.svg)

[![Install Adminer with YunoHost](https://install-app.yunohost.org/install-with-yunohost.svg)](https://install-app.yunohost.org/?app=adminer)

*[Read this README in other languages.](./ALL_README.md)*

> *This package allows you to install Adminer quickly and simply on a YunoHost server.*  
> *If you don't have YunoHost, please consult [the guide](https://yunohost.org/install) to learn how to install it.*

## Overview

Adminer (formerly phpMinAdmin) is a full-featured database management tool written in PHP. Conversely to phpMyAdmin, it consist of a single file ready to deploy to the target server. Adminer is available for MySQL, MariaDB, PostgreSQL, SQLite, MS SQL, Oracle, Elasticsearch, MongoDB and others via plugin.

**Shipped version:** 4.8.1~ynh7

**Demo:** <https://demo.adminer.org/adminer.php?username=>

## Screenshots

![Screenshot of Adminer](./doc/screenshots/screenshot.png)

## :red_circle: Antifeatures

- **Upstream not maintained**: This software is not maintained anymore. Expect it to break down over time, be exposed to unfixed security breaches, etc.

## Documentation and resources

- Official app website: <https://www.adminer.org/>
- Upstream app code repository: <https://github.com/vrana/adminer/>
- YunoHost Store: <https://apps.yunohost.org/app/adminer>
- Report a bug: <https://github.com/YunoHost-Apps/adminer_ynh/issues>

## Developer info

Please send your pull request to the [`testing` branch](https://github.com/YunoHost-Apps/adminer_ynh/tree/testing).

To try the `testing` branch, please proceed like that:

```bash
sudo yunohost app install https://github.com/YunoHost-Apps/adminer_ynh/tree/testing --debug
or
sudo yunohost app upgrade adminer -u https://github.com/YunoHost-Apps/adminer_ynh/tree/testing --debug
```

**More info regarding app packaging:** <https://yunohost.org/packaging_apps>
